docs: Notebooks added to docs. Docs updated for latest features (#395)
chanzuckerberg/cz-benchmarks: docs/source/how_to_guides/add_custom_dataset.md

> # Add a Custom Dataset Type

Reviewer: This page describes both adding new Datasets (for existing Dataset types) and adding new Dataset types. So the top-level header should be less-specific. Maybe justs "Add a Custom Dataset", with the understanding the sometimes this involves adding a new type.

- **`_validate(self)`**: Add custom validation logic for your dataset. Call `super()._validate()` to include base checks, then add any dataset-specific assertions or error checks.
- **`store_task_inputs(self)`**: (Optional, but recommended) Save any derived or preprocessed data needed by tasks to `self.task_inputs_dir`.

**Example:**

```python
from czbenchmarks.datasets import SingleCellDataset
import anndata as ad

class MyCustomDataset(SingleCellDataset):
  def load_data(self):
    # Load the base AnnData object using the parent method
    super().load_data()
    # Add custom loading logic
    if "my_custom_key" not in self.adata.obs:
      raise ValueError("Dataset is missing 'my_custom_key' in obs.")
    self.my_annotation = self.adata.obs["my_custom_key"]

  def _validate(self):
    # Run parent validation
    super()._validate()
    # Add custom validation logic
    assert all(self.my_annotation.notna()), "Custom annotation has missing values!"

  def store_task_inputs(self):
    # Optional: Save any derived data needed by tasks
    pass
```

### 2. Register and Use Your Dataset

- Add your new dataset class to the appropriate module in `czbenchmarks.datasets`.

> - Register it in the relevant `__init__.py` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Register it in the `src/czbenchmarks/datasets/__init__.py` file.
```
